Document "Timestamp" constraint for minification (#5322)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 12/umbraco-cms/reference/configuration/runtimeminificationsettings.md

  }
}
```
## Use 'in memory' cache

This setting determines whether Smidge should save it's cached output in memory, or in a file on disk. If set to false, then the folder will be created at the wwwroot of your Umbraco site in a folder called 'Smidge'/

{% hint style="info" %}

> It is not possible to disable in memory caching when `Timestamp` is chosen as `CacheBuster` method.

Reviewer: How about we do something like this instead?
It would possibly also make more sense to have this warning along with the `CacheBuster` method, as that's the value that affects the in-memory cache.

What do you think?

```suggestion
It is not possible to disable in-memory caching when the `CacheBuster` method has `Timestamp` as the value.
```
